Make `.spec.networking.nodes` in `Shoot`s mutable (#7368)
gardener/gardener: docs/deployment/feature_gates.md

| CoreDNSQueryRewriting                      | `gardenlet`                      | Enables automatic DNS query rewriting in shoot cluster's CoreDNS to shortcut name resolution of fully qualified in-cluster and out-of-cluster names, which follow a user-defined pattern. Details can be found in [DNS Search Path Optimization](../usage/dns-search-path-optimization.md).                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| IPv6SingleStack                            | `gardener-apiserver`             | Allows creating shoot clusters with [IPv6 single-stack networking](../usage/ipv6.md) ([GEP-21](../proposals/21-ipv6-singlestack-local.md)).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | MutableShootSpecNetworkingNodes            | `gardener-apiserver`             | Allows updating the field `spec.networking.nodes` `. The validity of the values has to be checked in the infrastructure extensions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MutableShootSpecNetworkingNodes            | `gardener-apiserver`             | Allows updating the field `spec.networking.nodes`. The validity of the values has to be checked in the provider extensions. Only enable this feature gate when your system runs provider extensions which have implemented the validation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
